what do I clean my television screens
with
a fan wrote in and asked what do I clean
this television with since you never see
fingerprints or smudges or anything on
it
well first off don't touch your screen
it won't get fingerprints on same for
smudges if you don't touch screen you
won't get smudges about the only thing
you should have to worry about in your
television is static cling sucking dust
ink onto the screen and clean off dust I
just use a microfiber cloth I picked
these up at Target or Bed Bath & Beyond
they generally come in a pack of about
10 the 10 pack is like four bucks so
they're like 40 cents apiece I only use
them after I have put them through the
washing machine with cold water no soap
that's because the people in the store
that have touched them and the grime
that it's picked up will then be on your
cloth if you haven't so I always wash
them first and like I said no soap just
cold water in the washing machine and
then air dry them that may sound like a
lot of work for just something to wipe
your screen with but just remember that
if you get a scratch in the glass on
your TV it's there for forever you can't
buff it out so I'm I'm pretty anal about
keeping my screen clean um
I don't apply a liquid unless I
absolutely have to um you need to know
whether or not you've got a glare or a
non glare surface and pick the
appropriate cleaner from like a glass
cup and like optical place don't use any
of the off-the-shelf products most of
them will change the amount of glare
that is on your screen and may even fill
in some of the polarisers that are on
the screen to cut glare if you've got a
glare screen and some of the ones that
are anti glare if you don't apply it
perfectly smoothly in one direction
you'll find that you add a rainbow
effect when you're viewing in certain
angles so dry cloth microfiber after
it's been washed in the
washing machine with no soap and when
they get dirty wash them again or
possibly just downgrade them to be used
as washcloths because they make nice
washcloths so that's it that's how you
keep your screen clean